Here are homework questions for you to recap the concepts
we went through in class.

1. Navigating the terminal
  a, What is a root directory?
     / is a root directory where we find the files related to our softwares and
     operating system which is installed in our computer.

  b, What is the difference between root and home directory?
     root directory starts with (/) and the home directory starts with (~) and 
     path starts with /user/username.

  c, What is the difference between absolute and relative path?
     absolute path is the complete path from where and to where you want to copy
     or move the file or directory and the relative path is the nearest route of 
     the directory or file,ยก.

  d, What command do you use to see what directory are you currently in?
     pwd

  e, How would you see the files and folders in a directory?
     ls or ls -a

  f, How do you go back to your home directory?
     pressing cd command

  g, How do you create a new folder, can you also specify in the command where you want to save it ?
     mkdir nameofthefolder, you have to be in the directory or path where you want to create it.

  h, How do you remove a folder/directory, is it the same as removing a file?
     rm nameofthefolder and rm nameofthefile but if the folder has files inside then you have
     to press rm -r or rm -rf.

  i, What is a file or folder is not empty ? What flag would you use to remove it anyway?
     rm -rf (f means force)

  j, How do you move a folder/file ? What arguments does the command take?
     mv and name of the file or folder


  k, How can you find out more about a command and see the available options, syntax etc.
    (How/Where do you see the manual/help for a command)
    git help, git help -a or git help nameofthecommand
    or
    help nameofthecommand

  l, With what command do you rename a folder/file in the command line?
     cp nameofthefolder or cp nameofthefile

  m, How do you copy a folder ?
     cp nameofthefolder

  n, What command do you use to open a folder/file ?
     code nameofthefolder or code nameofthefile

2. Creating a new project
  a, How do you create a new folder (what command) ?
     mkdir nameofthefolder

  b, What command do you use to create/initiate a local repository (from the command line)?
     /One can also create a new repository on Github and then just clone it to their machine./
     git init / git clone and http link of the repository


  c, What command do you use to create a new file ?
     touch nameofthefile

  d, If you create a file and and add text to it, these changes are now on your working directory.
     How would you save these to the local repository (describe the steps with commands)

    - from working directory to the staging area
      git add nameofthefile or git add .
    - from the staging area to local repository
      git commit -m "some comments here"

  e, What does git status do ?
     it shows the actual status of our folder, actually shows in which stage we are 
     and the changes we have done, etc.


  f, How would you check your commit history?
     git log

  g, To share your project(folder), you will need to create a remote repository.
     This can be done either on Github or in the command line using "gh repo create" command.
     To connect your local repository to the remote one (if you were to create it on github)
     you need to add remote to it. Briefly describe, what would be the commands to do this ?

    - How do you check whether you already have some github/remote repository connected to your local one?
      git remote -v

    - What command do you use to add the remote
      - $ git remote add origen http or ssh link of the repository

  h, When local and remote repository are connected, one can push the changes/files so they are visible
     on github. What would be the structrure of the command ? Do you need to create a pull request?
     git push origin nameofthebranch(it can be main or master)

3. Working on an existing project
  a, To get this homework to your computer you needed to copy a remote repository into your machine.
    What were the commands you needed to use?
    git clone http link of your repository

  b, Do you need to initiate a git repository after cloning a project?
     yes, if later you want to push your changes back to the repository.

  c, What is the difference between forking and cloning?
     forking is when you just add the repository of someone to your github
     cloning is when you get the data of that repository on your computer.

  d, Can you just push your changes to repository that you don't "own" on github?
     to do it first you have to create the pull request and then the owner of that 
     repository will review either to accept it or not.